skippy62able: Входит в комнату, затем внезапно падает на пол 


Игорь: ухмылка. 


skippy62able: LA Beast here and today I'm gonna hit some things on the science on your-падает, затем встаёт 


skippy62able (продолжение): Sorry about that, I hit my head. Early beast here today I've been inspired by fellow youtuber Nurd Rage. Through his science
tutorials I've learned how to make hot ice and what I'm going to do today is find out if this ice is hot or cold! Now for those of you don't know hot 
ice is also known as sodium acetate trihydrate. And when you boil it down into a liquid, cool it off and then touch it, it instantly freezes. Now, in 
order to make hot ice, all you have to do is mix some vinegar, some baking soda, boil it down into a liquid and presto change-o, you have some hot ice!
But as you can clearly see, I completely fucked it up because I don't jack shit about science. So what I had to do was go online and for a large sum of 
money purchased 10 pounds of pre-made sodium acetate trihydrate. I had to boil that down into a liquid, add some water. Make a move! I have a giant boat 
load of hot ice in the freezer cooling off and in five minutes I'm going to be sticking my entire hand into that jar so stay tuned! 


skippy62able (продолжение): Without further ado I am the LA beast and I'm about to personally find out whether or not hot ice is hot or cold by 
stickinig my entire hand into this giant jar of sodium acetate trihydrate! *Вздыхает, затем берёт горсть содового порошка, открывает крышку банки с 
горячим льдом и начинает опускать туда руку* 


skippy62able (продолжение): Have a good day! *Опускает руку в банку, затем начинает кричать* 


Игорь: начинает смеяться 


Я: "начинаю смеяться* 


skippy62able (продолжение): Oh my God! *Кричит, пытаясь вытащить свою руку из банки* Aaah, it's stuck! Oh God! Oh God! Oh my hand! Get it off! 
*Вытаскивает руку из банки и бежит в туалет, чтобы охладить её, постоянно крича от боли* I made it burn up! Fuck! 


Оператор: Are you alright? 


skippy62able: *Охладив руку* Okay! Fucking hell.. Okay. Okay. *Выходит из дома*. 


skippy62able (продолжение): *Левая ладонь перебинтована* Okay, well, I went to here as you care. I told the doctor what would happen. He had absolutely 
no sympathy for me. He put some burn gels and lidocaine. I think on my hand. You wrapped it up and sent me on my way... uhm... For some reason I was 
overreacting, but when I put my hand into that hot ice, it felt like I put my hand directly onto a scalding hot burning stove... I don't know what 
Nurd Rage did differently, but I think I screwed mine up... Please, kids, whatever you do, do not ever try this at home! And remember: only you can 
prevent forest fires! Have a good day! *встаёт и уходит* That was stupid. 


Далее следует повтор момента, где автор видео опускает свою руку в банку с горячим льдом в замедленном режиме


Игорь: *смеётся* Сто раз отмерь... Сто раз отмерь, один раз отрежь. *смеётся* Он не знает... 


Я: *смеюсь* "Замёрзла" рука... Ха-ха! 


Игорь: Может, это ожог наоборот? 


*Видео кончается* 


Я: Ну так что? 


Игорь: Прикольно! Горячий лёд, ха-ха! *Уходит* 


*Запись прекращается*