skippy62able: LA Beast here and today I'm gonna hit some things on the science on your... Sorry about that, I hit my head. Early beast here today I've 
been inspired by fellow youtuber Nurd Rage. Through his science tutorials I've learned how to make hot ice and what I'm going to do today is find out 
if this ice is hot or cold! Now for those of you don't know hot ice is also known as sodium acetate trihydrate. And when you boil it down into a liquid, 
cool it off and then touch it, it instantly freezes. Now, in order to make hot ice, all you have to do is mix some vinegar, some baking soda, boil it 
down into a liquid and presto change-o, you have some hot ice! But as you can clearly see, I completely fucked it up because I don't jack shit about 
science. So what I had to do was go online and for a large sum of money purchased 10 pounds of pre-made sodium acetate trihydrate. I had to boil that 
down into a liquid, add some water. Make a move! I have a giant boat load of hot ice in the freezer cooling off and in five minutes I'm going to be 
sticking my entire hand into that jar so stay tuned! Without further ado, I am the LA beast and I'm about to personally find out whether or not hot ice 
is hot or cold by sticking my entire hand into this giant jar of sodium acetate trihydrate! Have a good day! Oh my God! Aaah, it's stuck! Oh God! Oh 
God! Oh my hand! Get it off! I made it burn up! Fuck! 


Оператор: Are you alright? 


skippy62able: Okay! Fucking hell.. Okay. Okay. Okay, well, I went to here as you care. I told the doctor what would happen. He had absolutely 
no sympathy for me. He put some burn gels and lidocaine. I think on my hand. You wrapped it up and sent me on my way... uhm... For some reason I was 
overreacting, but when I put my hand into that hot ice, it felt like I put my hand directly onto a scalding hot burning stove... I don't know what 
Nurd Rage did differently, but I think I screwed mine up... Please, kids, whatever you do, do not ever try this at home! And remember: only you can 
prevent forest fires! Have a good day! That was stupid. 


Игорь: Сто раз отмерь... Сто раз отмерь, один раз отрежь. Он не знает... 


Я: "Замёрзла" рука...


Игорь: Может, это ожог наоборот? 


Я: Ну так что? 


Игорь: Прикольно! Горячий лёд, ха-ха!